The disciple has seen the ancestor
OK
The young man has no skills at all
Could it be that the old man's induction is wrong?
It turned out to be an ancestor induction error.
I thought it was you Xiao Yunfeng who really got lucky
Hahaha, this kid is really a loss of utilitarianism
If the ancestor wants to teach the secret
I'm afraid I can't start with it, haha.
Oh, dear.
The last time I saw this sword
It was the last time the boss knew this sword
When the old man was young
Once upon a time, a friend made a wooden sword
Gold and broken jade can be sold
It should be this one.
Do you recognize Xiao Jingshan as my father?
Bragging that Xiao Jingshan has been dead for 400 years
How could it be your father?
Hahahaha
Stop bragging
Your father is Xiao Jingshan
Hahahahaha
Children are used to bragging
The old man's induction error
Go, go, Xiao Yifeng
Fasting in the palace is not a shameful thing
If you have something to do in the future, just hide behind us
Don't show off
Will it work?
This sword is a broken wooden sword
You haven't seen the flowers yet
Brother, don't listen to his nonsense
I'm going to use Nepenthes to refine medicine
You can definitely recover
Exactly.
Three months later is the day when the three great immortal sects gather
Take good care of yourself
Force soaked
I still want to be in the limelight on the day when Xianmen gathers
Hmm, you don't have a chance
Just accept your fate